on the USS Stennis. I came in as, Ah, Petty officer, third class. I was,
um, during that role. You're basically in charge of just kind of
learning for the first couple of months. So going down in the plants
kind of give me a feel for the layout of the of each level of where
the components are and training Thio for your first watch stations
that could take up thio maybe four months or so After you get your first
watch, you do that job sporadically, you know, maybe every day.
But it could be like maybe five hours of watch standing, uh, in one
role. That's log recorder. Um, that was the first job that I had. That's
when you look at lots of gauges and you make sure that everything
is within specifications. If something's out respect, then you tell
the watch officer Hey, you know what? I'm down here at this up for
long recorder. You're actually in an enclosed environment with the
officer, So you kind of just look over and say, Hey, you know what?
I'm reading this high temperature on this pump or high voltage on
this turbine generator s so it's kind of simple at at the beginning.
Uh, the other times you're actually giving physical hands toe work.
So, for instance, let's say you have to clean out, um, a turbine generator
or change out a pump or supposed to change out some light bulbs.
Um, you do that for about a year, kind of easy work until you become
maybe a second class, and that's when you start getting higher
quality works. You, um, get higher positioned, um, watch stations.
So propulsion Electrician's he his job is toe walk from level to level,
looking at different gauges and oil and voltages and current making
sure everything's inspect, making sure there's no fires anywhere,
making sure there's no smells going wrong. Um, after you do that,
then you become a throttle hman. Um, that's another, um, later on, watch
where you you have this little will in front of you. And there
is a throttle man for every single, um, shaft. So you could be like
shaft number one, and then you get ah, command from the navigation that
says, Hey, you know what? We need to go all ahead two thirds full
flank and you just open it up or set it down, uh, to make sure that,
uh, ship starts going faster. Um, later on, Um, actually, for the
for the unit. I was I think I deal with training. I was, um, uh, an
lpo for supply division for a while. Um, yeah. Yeah. Just basic maintenance
mechanic for the whole time.